Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: 0cd5ed10-a118-4d79-91fe-d4a4c0e34e84
Review date: July 28, 2026
Review Device: iPhone 17 Pro Max and iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (24)

Guideline 3.2 - Business

Issue Description

We still found in our review that the app is intended to be used by a specific business or organization, including partners, clients, or employees, but you've selected public distribution on the App Store in App Store Connect. Since the App Store is intended for apps with a public audience, we recommend reviewing the other distribution options available to you through your Apple Developer Program Account. 

Next Steps

If the app is intended for use by a specific business or organization, review the other distribution options available for apps designed for specific businesses or organizations and choose a distribution option that works for the app and users. You can review these app distribution options on Apple Developer. 
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.

Request a phone call from App Review

At your request, we can arrange for an Apple Representative to call you within the next three to five business days to discuss your App Review issue.

Request a call to discuss your app's review